{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green2\blue7;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20600\viewh12480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Beginning of game:\
	Starting on the gangway, \cf2 go\cf3  forward \cf2 and\cf3  up\cf0 . Now \cf3 any keystroke\cf0  will trigger the opening sequence.\
	\cf3 Enter any commands three times\cf0 . The player\'92s vision will clear and they will find themselves lying on a bunk with their equipment spread all over the room.\
\
Aft of ship:\
	\cf3 get up, take all, s, d\cf2 . Player sees the space station is gone and freaks out.\cf0 \
\
	\cf3 u, p, take wallet, s, slide access card through slot\cf2 . Card doesn\'92t work \'97 why not?\
\
	\cf3 x slot, dust slot, vacuum slot, slide access card through slot, a. \cf2 Okay, good, we\'92re in the captain\'92s quarters. Let\'92s check out the desk.\
\
	\cf3 x desk, open desk, take all from desk, x strange device. \cf2 Weird. Let\'92s leave that for later.\
\
	\cf3 x data terminal, ask computer for help; computer, help; ask computer about space station. \cf2 Okay, cool, we can get information. But what should we ask about?\
\
	\cf3 ask computer about ss usagi, ask computer about mulgrew. \cf2 Alright, enough for now.\
\
	\cf3 f, f, press blue button. \cf2 Did you hear that? Someone else is on the ship? But why the buzzer?\
\
	\cf3 read manual. \cf2 Oh, I see.\
\
	\cf3 a, p, x locker, slide access card through slot, open wallet, take id card, slide id through slot, unlock locker with key, take vac suit. \cf2 Oh no, too heavy. Never mind, we have other stuff to do.\cf3 \
\
\cf0 	\cf3 s, s, slide id through slot, unlock locker with key, take beacon, x it. \cf2 Sounds useful enough.\
\
	\cf3 take magazine, read it.\cf2  hmm\'85\
\
	\cf3 get on top right bunk, take yellow id. x duster. dust locker. dust id. \cf2 too far\'85\
\
	\cf3 p, p, look under left bottom bunk, look under right bottom bunk, take trunk, s, s, drop trunk, stand on trunk, dust yellow id, get off, get card.\cf2  Looks useful.\
\
	\cf3 x strange device, press right button, g, g, g, g, g.\cf2  Ooh, a number! Better write it down.\
\
	\cf3 p, p, take vac suit, drop all, take vac suit, drop uniform, take vac suit, wear it, take wallet.\
\
	suit, report status; \cf2 \
\cf0 \
\
/f/s/take magazine/put magazine in strange device/press right button/press right button/press right button/press right button/press right button/press right button/p/p/open wallet/put military id in slot/unlock locker with key/open locker/take vac suit/drop all/take vac suit/remove uniform/drop it/take vac suit/wear it/take wallet/take id from wallet/suit, activation code 1/s/d/press red button/a/press red button/press yellow button/press blue button/suit, mag boots on/out/f/s/throw wallet/s/press button/in/press blue button/press green button/remove suit/press red button/p/f/hello/tell caller about me/push trunk/press button/yes/hello/ask mulgrew about arvax/d/a/p/look under right bottom bunk/drop suit/take trunk and duster/s/s/drop trunk/stand on trunk/clean locker with duster/get off/take card/p/a";\
\
test win with "test segment1/computer, access code 2/computer, emergency protocols/computer, reboot/f/f/u/hello/a/a/x diagram/Og > 1/AH > 2/TC > 3/Og > 4/f/slide engineering card through slot/take tool/f/f/open pilot's access panel with tool/open it/a/d/take pot/take hook/u/a/p/cut hook with saw/s/f/f/fix board with hook/a/set gravity control to 1/d/a/a/take weights/f/f/u/a/a/s/put 29kg on right/put 32kg on right/put 50kg on left/put 15kg on left/p/f/f/ask arvax about ss usagi".}